README.md, before:

# The Corul programming language
- I've decided on using `Corul` as the name for the language
---
# Prerequisites
- [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/) must be installed, version 1.58 or greater
  - Installing cargo for [rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/) is also recommended
  - You can install both cargo and the rust compiler with [rustup](https://rustup.rs/)
-  [Git](https://git-scm.com/) must be installed if you want to download the source code through the terminal
# Cloning
Clone the source-code using git like so:
```bash
# git must be installed!
git clone https://github.com/dquat/corul.git
```
# Execution
- This language is still not complete to the point where it's usable
    - But, you can run the main file with: `cargo run --release`
# Aim
This language aims to be a language that is:
- Easy to learn and use
- Performant and efficient
- Almost as powerful as Rust or C++
- Fun to read and write 
  - syntax sugar to help make code shorter, and easier to read
- Feature complete 
  - almost everything needed is implemented in the standard library
- Versatile 
  - A general purpose language
  - Object-oriented or partially functional programming both have good support

This compiler aims to be:
- Simple to set up
- Easy to use
- Good at showing error / warnings and other messages
  - Compiler suggests fixes for common mistakes 
- Relatively fast at compiling source code
- Hassle-free (no bugs)
- Versatile
  - interpreted and compiled mode
# Notes
This language is currently in a:
- Stage of development where nothing is really certain
- Non-usable, but compilable state

Commit message:

Change name to Matriad. Fixed a lexer bug

README.md, after:

![Matriad Logo](./matriad_name_dark.svg#gh-dark-mode-only)
![Matriad Logo](./matriad_name_light.svg#gh-light-mode-only)
# The Matriad programming language
- Corul was the previous name of the language
- Now it is Matriad
---
# Prerequisites
- [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/) must be installed, version 1.59.0 or greater
  - Installing cargo for [rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/) is also recommended
  - You can install both cargo and the rust compiler with [rustup](https://rustup.rs/)
-  [Git](https://git-scm.com/) must be installed if you want to download the source code through the terminal
# Cloning
Clone the source-code using git like so:
```bash
# git must be installed!
git clone https://github.com/dquat/Matriad.git
```
# Execution
- This language is still not complete to the point where it's usable
    - But, you can run the main file with: `cargo run --release`
# Aim
This language aims to be a language that is:
- Easy to learn and use
- Performant and efficient
- Almost, or equally powerful as Rust or C++
- Fun to read and write 
  - syntax sugar to help make code shorter, and easier to read
- Feature complete 
  - almost everything needed is implemented in the standard library
- Versatile 
  - A general purpose language
  - Object-oriented or partially functional programming both have good support

This compiler aims to be:
- Simple to set up
- Easy to use
- Good at showing error / warnings and other messages
  - Compiler suggests fixes for common mistakes 
- Relatively fast at compiling source code
- Hassle-free (no bugs)
- Versatile
  - interpreted and compiled mode
# Notes
This language is currently in a:
- Stage of development where nothing is really certain
- Non-usable, but compilable state
